I let you
They have only the widow of the federation over partner enterprises bookable
the winners, the dancers eyes were also a special duel of
Goalkeeper Tim Wiese Werder
and because that's so good
He starts spectacular third minute
Arjen Robben
specialty
shoot right at the gate to victory
as guests could
the bavarian bosses
a first time the stage
Werders offered five minutes later
with jacket
sits down by rain
thanks Frings always good
Middle of the first half balanced game
the Bayern but thanks to the individualistic Arjen Robben
one is more dangerous
the ad hoc on the left side
OT police determines if something is in short supply
keenly nervous overstretching his defense because of Robert Zerbo English
as he has the injured Dragan Djukic Babbel
due to many animals again abroad company Arjen Robben
Bavaria fell within half an hour
have been undeserved
about the person not interested in Duisburg here
in favor of the next Bremen
Odette the duels with Mertesacker
But then she tried the top title followed SC Constantin Herne the face
accordingly
Kubicki
Punishments have spoken a lot
rightly Mertes Aktas illicit handball
Ratekau become
left into right corner 1 0 Bayern 35 STA minute
the on record
and this chance, although quite a few tickets from the SuS had to wait
placed
to build the lead for Bayern
remains next to Hugo Almeida to the phone but when
remains however for the time being unchanged the small branches difference amounts
per person
a second penalty demanded
To become master
did not behave properly
a technician conducts the iPad
shortly afterwards Eckstoß Bayern
the mistress of boycott Mertesacker Holger Ullrich
second 0 51 minutes
the numbers are
Red exceptionally worried with this hit
Mertesacker had a good time again
against fanboy in the middle
seen the Amstettner times
especially good looking
the final much criticism
Marin came for Bargfrede
Bergers Brazil saw an attempt to turn the page so that a sixth of something
van Bommel to their idea on and off
thoughtless conclusion drew right to zero the Wars
Lodging
after a mixed season
and it was not offside
lets this little thrust
the last quarter of an hour Toppmöller points negative to announce
this scene in front
Torsten Frings brings the Schweinsteiger in front of the two
yellow-red card no choice for Thorsten Kinhöfer
if you were slow motion
a rude attack of the climate
with announcement
a violation of the opponent
on the way to the cabin
Bayern "From the Rostock block Close up to Date but there was Bayern
this must finally come to an end so they have Schweinsteiger or a cabinet piece
the special kind 4 back
81 minutes
the between
had the whole thing in one of the conditions for it's alternatives
Villa had Werner Murgg
Lost in 1964 a cup match on Schalke
the dead body
then it was over
clear final in the competition
with a convincing winner
FC Bayern Munich
Congratulations so last tenth cup victory
and to the seventh green
in the club's history
the man of the evening Arjen Robben
for her congratulations from Sharp
the second step measures leadership circles
Dr
by Hans a and the captain Mark van Bommel
next Saturday
the season highlight in Madrid
the champions league final
the limbs more for the Bayern
this incident
big concern is that CIT wants